setup and usage instuctions added (#6)
kaustav202/RealTime-TwitterDataAnalysis: README.md

- nltk
- networkx
- streamlit
- pandas
- numpy
- matplotlib

<br>
</br>

## Setup Locally

- Clone the repository on your local machine.
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/kaustav202/RealTime-TwitterDataAnalysis.git
  ```
- Go into the cloned directory
- Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install all the dependencies.
- Create a developer account on twitter: https://developer.twitter.com/en
- Get your Twitter API credentials and replace the placeholders in twitter_config.py.
    - Go to the Twitter Developer Portal Projects & Apps page at https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/projects-and-apps
    - Find the API/consumer key and secret under the Consumer Keys section of the Keys and Tokens tab of your app
    - Your account's access token and secret for your app can be found under the Authentication Tokens section of the Keys and Tokens tab of your app

> - Run `python main.py` which is the application entry point.

Reviewer: An initial step is required to start the streaming by running stream.py before this. 
`python stream.py`

Reviewer: While the streaming continues.. new tweets keep getting added to tweets.json, hence the main file should ideally be run after a gap so that the results are better (more data points).

It is also important to mention that these are two independent steps involved

Author: I'll solve this asap

- Clone the repository on your local machine.
  ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/kaustav202/RealTime-TwitterDataAnalysis.git
  ```
- Go into the cloned directory
- Run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install all the dependencies.
- Create a developer account on twitter: https://developer.twitter.com/en
- Get your Twitter API credentials and replace the placeholders in twitter_config.py.
    - Go to the Twitter Developer Portal Projects & Apps page at https://developer.twitter.com/en/portal/projects-and-apps
    - Find the API/consumer key and secret under the Consumer Keys section of the Keys and Tokens tab of your app
    - Your account's access token and secret for your app can be found under the Authentication Tokens section of the Keys and Tokens tab of your app
- From inside the `app/` folder, you can run `python stream.py` which adds(streams) the tweets into `tweets.json`
- Run `python main.py` which is the application entry point preferably after some time so that you have more tweets to perform the analysis.
- You can also perform Sentiment Analysis by running `python sentiment_analysis.py` and draw tweet network graphs by running `python tweet_network.py`

> - Remember that the streaming of tweets is a completely different and independent step than running the analyses

Reviewer: Mention it needs to be done initially and just remove different .. (completely independent step) is fine
```suggestion
- Remember that the streaming (writing) of tweets is a completely independent step that needs to be performed initially by running stream.py
```
